project-loader: load project libraries, automatically find plugins (#17)
mbeddr/mps-build-backends: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), and this project adheres
to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## 1.15.0

### Added

> - `project-loader` will now load project libraries from `.mps/libraries.xml` under the project directory when using MPS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- all backends (via `project-loader`): will now load project libraries from `.mps/libraries.xml` under the project directory when using MPS
```

  environment (can be disabled via `--no-libraries`).

> - `project-loader`: new `--plugin-root` argument. Loader automatically detects plugins in subdirectories of plugin roots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- all backends (via `project-loader`): new `--plugin-root` argument to automatically detect plugins in subdirectories of plugin roots.
```
